50% of the points on the project is for creating a basic kiosk with
	15 unique models from the web (remember to cite the creators)
		coffee mug model for chesed
		book model for hod
		notepad/pen for malkuth
		cup of tea for binah
		pocketwatch for hokma
	5 unique models that you create on your own (more on this below)
		lmao
	at least 5 of the models need to have appropriate physics and collliders to be grabbable, droppable, and tossable, and collide with other parts of the kiosk and the floor
	create a new appropriate lighting scheme with at least 2 new lights for the kiosk
	at least 1 relevant (and not annoying) ambient sound or piece of music

30% of the points on the project are for ...
	the user needs to be able to interact with at least 2 objects in the scene using their hand and have each of those objects produce new objects 
	(i.e. every time you open the oven a new pie pops out, or every time you touch the ticket machine it produces a new ticket). 
	Interaction must happen locally with the users hand intersecting the object, not at distance.
	at least 2 of the models should be animated and move, or move some of their parts
	at least 5 of the models need to have appropriate physics and collliders to be grabbable, droppable, and tossable, and collide with other parts of the kiosk and the floor
	at least 4 unique sounds that get louder as you get closer, or that are triggered by interacting with objects in the scene, or that sound when objects hit other objects.

20% of the points on the project are for ...
	each member of your team needs to use Makehuman and Mixamo to create a 1:1 scale kiosk worker that looks (reasonably) like you, 
	wearing something G rated, with a suitable G rated idle animation. The worker could be trying to attract new customers, or working the register / pad, 
	or ignoring the customers and looking at their phone, or sleeping, etc. The worker should say something when you touch them with either controller.


library of ruina/lobotomy corp kiosk
	different layout for each floor
		use floor backgrounds for skybox
			animate skybox to simulate changing between floors
				make sure to animate going up/down correctly
				maybe "line particles"
			animate transparency in/out
		use VRoid studio for sephirah models
		change lighting/kiosk style
	each floor sells a piece of EGO equipment
		use PE boxes as currency
			drop them into a box, increase a counter
				kinda like a vending machine
			press a button corresponding to the EGO
			drop it from a tube in the ceiling like Portal
			make sure only one of each EGO can be bought
				"SOLD OUT"
		equipment will be grabbable w/ physics
			make sure to only enable objects matching the current floor to save on memory
		give equipment functionality?
			simple hitbox/raycast detection for melee/ranged
			use doubt model as a test dummy
				already has animations for hurt and death
				or make a model of O-00-00
			give PE boxes for hitting the dummy
	some form of selector for changing floors
		remote?
			will need to use raycast for pointing
				draw line
		elevator buttons?
		both?
	if I wanna be *really* extra:
		cognition filter mode:
			can turn off the cognition filter to revert the sephirah to their true appearances
			would basically double the models needed
		damage numbers + damage type
	
Floor Layouts:

History:
	Malkuth will be holding a pen and sketchpad. Her animation will likely involve her scribbling down notes on the pad.
	The room will be very cluttered. Immediately, there is a table with books. there are few chairs laid out, with a orange-brown ornate design. There will be tall bookshelfs sitting closely behind the table, and alongside that, piles of messy brown books will be strewn about at random, both on the floor and on the table. there are some open books sitting around on the table as well, and perhaps a pen or bookmarks of sorts.
	TLDR: bookshelfs, brown/orange lighting, piles of books, open books, tables, chairs.
	
Technology:
	Yesod will likely be standing, perhaps holding a datapad or a phone or some other advanced piece of technology. His animation could be fiddling with the device, such as swiping on it. Yesod's room will be purple. The lighting of this room will be purple most everywhere. The bookshelfs cover the walls exclusively, leaving much open area in the front of the floor display. near the back, there could be a window, with a background of a purple city behind it. There will be a small, rectangular table, with dual square patterns on its side. next to the table sits a one person couch, and opposite the table is a fridge? resting by a bookshelf. Atop the room, could be a layout of floating gears in the same pattern, attached to some sort of visible strings keeping the whole component "together", atleast visually speaking.
	TLDR: rectangular box table, short one man recliner, mini-fridge, purple lighting, gears, strings for the gears.
	


	
EGO
	floor of history 
		fourth match flame
		bear paws/the forgotten
		wingbeat
		hornet
	floor of technological sciences
		regret
		grinder mk4/grinder mk52
		harmony
		solemn lament
		magic bullet
	floor of literature
		today's expression
		sanguine desire
		red eyes
		laetitia
		black swan
	floor of art
		fragments from somewhere
		our galaxy
		pleasure
		faint aroma
		da capo
	floor of natural sciences
		in the name of love and hate
		the sword sharpened with tears
		gold rush
	floor of social sciences
		harvest
		lumber
	floor of language
		crimson scar
		combalt scar
		smile
		mimicry
	floor of philosophy
		maybe a set of eggs for each bird?
		lamp
		justitia
		beak
		twilight
	floor of religion
		heaven
		dead silence
		sound of a star
		penitence
		paradise lost
	floor of general works
		wrist cutter
		aspiration
		frost splinter


other stuff
	include "pick up ray" like in H3VR
		make sure to note you can still pick stuff up like normal
		
